Add `lesion-analysis` tutorial (#4586)
spinalcordtoolbox/spinalcordtoolbox: documentation/source/user_section/tutorials/lesion-analysis.rst

.. _lesion-analysis:

Lesion analysis
###############

.. figure:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/spinalcordtoolbox/doc-figures/master/lesion-analysis/lesion-analysis_overview.png
  :align: center

> This tutorial demonstrates how to use SCT's command-line scripts to perform lesion analysis in spinal cord injury (SCI) or multiple sclerosis (MS) patients.

Author: Maybe we can provide more details

```suggestion
This tutorial demonstrates how to use SCT's command-line scripts to perform lesion segmentation and how to compute lesion metrics in spinal cord injury (SCI) or multiple sclerosis (MS) patients.
```

Reviewer: You should change "then" for "second"

.. _lesion-analysis:

Lesion analysis
###############

> .. figure:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/spinalcordtoolbox/doc-figures/master/lesion-analysis/lesion-analysis_overview.png

Reviewer: I don't see well white police over orange background
Maybe consider changing the font, since times new roman is never used in the other tutorials

Author: Good point! I change fonts to Arial and yellow to black at https://github.com/spinalcordtoolbox/doc-figures/commit/ca2dc0a0634cc68871abf97be2e574b002645bf4. What do you think?
